[SNOW-1359039] Snowpark pandas: create index class that contains native pandas index for now (#1499)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.18.1 (TBD)

### Snowpark Python API Updates

#### Improvements

### Snowpark pandas API Updates

#### New Features

> - Added an Index class in Snowpark pandas. This class contains a native pandas index for now, but we plan to turn this into a lazily evaluated index in future updates.

Reviewer: Minor reword suggestion:
```suggestion
- Initial work to support an Index directly in Snowpark pandas. Currently, this class is a simple wrapper for a pandas index. Support for Index as a first-class component of Snowpark pandas is coming soon.
```

- Support stored procedure register with packages given as Python modules.
- Added support for structured type schema parsing.

> - Removed import of modin.pandas.Index referring to native pandas index, instead having it import our own class that is currently a wrapper to native pandas index

Reviewer 2: When you say "our own class" do you still mean `modin.pandas.Index`? If yes, it would make more sense to say that the new class is now a wrapper class instead of the reference class behavior in previous Snowpark pandas versions.

Author: well the `modin.pandas.Index` currently just maps to a native pandas index, we are creating a Index class and changing what it refers to

> - Removed import of modin.pandas.Index referring to native pandas index, instead having it import our own class that is currently a wrapper to native pandas index

Reviewer 3: @sfc-gh-samdesai1 Let's move this to PANDAS_CHANGELOG, and agreed with @sfc-gh-vbudati with simplifying this line to say the new class is a wrapper class

Author: I changed it, lmk if it is good

- Added support for `if_not_exists` parameter during udf and sproc registration.
- Added `DataFrame.cache_result` and `Series.cache_result` methods for users to persist DataFrames' and Series' to a temporary table lasting the duration of the session to improve latency of subsequent operations.

> - Added an Index class in Snowpark pandas. This class contains a native pandas index for now, but we plan to turn this into a lazily evaluated index in future updates

Reviewer 3: Once we finalize whether this applies to just rows or columns as well can you clarify that in the CHANGELOG?

Author: yep will do

#### New Features

- Added `DataFrame.cache_result` and `Series.cache_result` methods for users to persist DataFrames and Series to a temporary table lasting the duration of the session to improve latency of subsequent operations.
- Added an Index class in Snowpark pandas. This class contains a native pandas index for now, but we plan to turn this into a lazily evaluated index in future updates. 

>   - When calling df.columns, this index class will materialize data and eagerly evaluate expressions, but for all other index classes, it will issue lazily evaluated queries

Author: Ok I will remove the second line

- Fixed a bug that caused DecimalType data to have incorrect precision in some cases.
- Fixed a bug where referencing missing table or view raises confusing `IndexError`.

## 1.18.0

### Snowpark Python API Updates

#### New Features

#### Improvements

### Snowpark pandas API Updates

- Created an index class in Snowpark pandas. This class contains a native pandas index for now, but we plan to turn this into a lazily evaluated index in future updates

#### New Features

### Snowpark Local Testing Updates

#### New Features

#### Bug Fixes

#### Improvements

## 1.18.0

### Snowpark Python API Updates

#### New Features

#### Improvements

### Snowpark pandas API Updates

> - Created an index class in Snowpark pandas. This class contains a native pandas index for now, but we plan to turn this into a lazily evaluated index in future updates

Reviewer 4: can you fix the duplicated lines?

Author: Yep I am working on it now
